"A Good Enough Cylce"
a game where you are given a specific time limit and you must keep the spaceship within acceptable conditions throughout the maintinence cycle.

main gameplay:
an indicator light and timer shows you how far into the cycle you are and how much time is left.
various tasks will be labeled with sticky notes that will appear as needed (these are the tutorials)

task ideas:
sensor alignment
cleaning oxygen filters
checking connections (pipes, wires, ducts, etc)
checking reactors

windows:
main window: contains the overview of all of the various ship components as well as the cycle indicators (lights and timers) this window will also have the pause button, time played, and an alert box.
maintinence window: when a device has been clicked on the main window the maintinence window displays different settings and adjustments for fixing the device
settings window: contains volume settings and other misc settings.
Pseudoterminal window: used for reviewing progress, advanced maintinence, and upgrades based on what you've done (experience), can be used to track events 

events:
coral glass: a parasitic growth that brutally damages low power equipment (most electrical systems except for power storage and reactors) (can be collected to use in upgrades)

cat chaos: cleaning oxygen filters becomes slower and short circuits are more common

hacked: hinted at the cycle before in the terminal by an ominous error message "Ip: 20.26.43.2 ACCESS DENIED" hinting at a hack. this event is very rare, however it completly disables the use of the terminal as the built-in AI, Evren, is actively fighting the hacker which can take between 1-3 cycles. this makes diagnosing problems more difficult and you wont get any alerts except for critical system alerts.

radio interferance: mostly background, background music stops and every once in a while you'll hear radio static. the only gameplay effect this event has is that sensor problems are more common.

end goal: the goal is to keep the ship running at full capacity for as long as possible, once it has been a random amount of cycles from 20-50 cycles (configurable in settings to be any range) the ship will land at a station and the station owner who lost most contact with the ship reclaims their ship and you're promoted to second in command of the ship after surviving on your own for so long. then an overview is shown and thats the end of the game!